But it's not true, you know what I mean,
I've had to be here for a long time,
I've never even seen a man like that.
But I've never seen a man like that.
I thought it was a good one.
But the only thing I could do was go back to the other side.
Then I came to the other side.
And the only thing I could do was go back to the other side.
But I thought it was a good one.
So, I got away with a friend who was a kid like this.
And I thought,
to contact Comoza Pero,
not responding in one of the Ms. Menzajes.
El Raro.
Me gusta ría recommend aranita, creo,
que incontradas u taliento comparabla de moosa.
Es una tera de fissi.
Convene me, so lo quiero que le des uno bordo nida.
Bueno, lo consideraría,
se que puede ganabno estro concurso de móda pasar de las indente.
Lo sienta.
Al guacamad de sur quir.
Mo roquil seño.
¿Quísti seños de la listenciatura?
¿Cóme los incontraste?
El professor Claude Penso, muy bienen tu de seños.
¿A si que se los quevo?
El séñar Claude, siempre como llama de con mío.
¿Arito de lo posible para no de fredo de arlenía el nía tí?
Mentirosa, ní si quiera te gradoaste.